introduction: Welcome voyager! It's a beautiful day in New York, and we're so glad you're here to join us! Tell us a little about yourself, are you new to the city, or are you a seasoned New Yorker?

option 1: I'm a tourist, look how tall that building is!
option 2: I'm a New Yorker, get off my sidewalk! 

New Yorker: You have a cousin visiting from out of town this weekend, should you choose to accept this mission you will be bringing them on the official tour. Cross your fingers they aren't wearing a fanny pack, and they don't make you stop for too many pictures. 

You have agreed to meet them at JFK, you're skeptical that they will figure out transportation on their own. Your family would be furious if you let them get kidnapped on their first day. Their flight is an hour delayed, so you wander JFK exploring the terminals. Something at the East River Newsstand catches your eye:

option 1: Go check it out
option 2: There can't possibly be anything interesting at a Newsstand in JFK, go wait by the baggage claim. 

Tourist: 

You are going to visit a cousin in New York City, you've packed your coolest gear and you've prepared yourself for occasion. You don't know if you'll be spending your days in the park, on Broaddway, or dining at the hottest new restaurants. You want to make sure you're ready for anything. Your cousin is late to pick you up (typical New Yorker, making you wait) should you:

option 1: Bide your time reading junk magazines at the East River Newsstand
option 2: Go get your 60lbs of luggage

EAST RIVER NEWS STAND
MARK ANTHONY AND JENNIFER LOPEZ ARE GETTING DIVORCED. Your afternoon is completely shot, you hope you can regroup for your jaunt about the town. 

option 1: Pickup Newsweek, this drivel is such a waste. (WORLD NEWS)
option 2: Take an emotional respite, you thought that was true love, and now you don't know if you'll die alone as well. You need to get through and focus on the existential. (DEMI AND ASHTON CHARITY INFO)  

---ARTICLE---


BAGGAGE CLAIM

New Yorker: You wander over to baggage claim, stumbling over cardboard boxes and chicken cages. What is your strategy:

option 1: Stand back and wait for the craziness to die down?
option 2: Stake out a spot in the center of the action, risking elbows to the face and smelling the mix of body odor and foreign foods. 

Your cousin is already being embarrassing. Some strange man (who wasn’t half-bad looking) approached you and asked if you needed a ride back to Manhattan for less than 1/2 price. He’d even take us the scenic route by all of Manhattan’s biggest attractions. 

Option 1: Take the cheap ride. You're a yellow belt in Tai Chi after all. How often do you have the opportunity to get something cheap in NY?
Option 2: What! Are you crazy!!?? You don't want to end up the subject of a Law and Order episode!

Tourist: This place is insane! You've never seen everything like it. Chickens in cages, people with garbage bag suitcases, some lady behind you has three cats on leashes. People of every age and ethnicity speaking dozens of languages are all around you. 

Option 1: Take a yellow cab into Manhattan and start the fun. 
Option 2: A nice cute guy approaches you in baggage claim offering to give you a taxi ride ? price and by way of the scenic routes. Cool! Let’s go! 
Option 3: Navigate the LIRR, Subway or bus system on your own. 

Now that you have sorted out how to get to Manhattan, you can begin exploring all that NY has to offer. 


